however there has been no respite in
Israeli attacks in southern Gaza NASA
Hospital in Khan yunes is under siege
and there's heavy fighting nearby at
least 300 patients and 5,000 displaced
Palestinians trapped
[Music]
inside the World Health Organization is
calling for an immediate ceasefire so it
can bring in life-saving supplies the
Gaza Health Ministry says the facility
is run out of food anesthetics and
painkillers Doctors Without Borders says
many wounded Palestinians will have no
option for treatment as Israel's
offensive intensifies in southern
Gaza the Israeli military has opened
fire on displaced Palestinians in Khan
Yunis local sources say a number of
people were injured there are fears
Israeli forces may be preparing to
arrest large numbers of Palestinians in
the area
H Mahmud joins us now from rafah in
southern Gaza so this is the day after
the ruling by the icj hany any sign
Israelis are taking any special measures
to avoid genocide in their
attacks yes Sam well just to start with
the the the level of disappointment and
frustration among Palestinian here
because their priority right now is to
uh end this madness and to stop the
masking of of their entire uh of their
people and the entire population across
the Gaza Strip and what they looking at
as a priority is is to save lives or
protect more lives uh as the war
continues but uh despite the ruling uh
that required Israel to end all acts of
genocide just less than 24 hours after
this ruling which seeing no lit up in
the attacks across the Gaza Strip here
in rafah cityan area with more than
1.7 million this place Palestinians C
Corner in this small place an air strike
took place in overnight at the
residential home where uh tens of
displaced Palestinians were inside the
home three people reported killed and
multiple other injuries rushed to and
overwhelmed the small siiz hospital here
in Rafa City just adding more Healthcare
facility and a cran Unis within the past
few days a surge in the Relentless air
strikes a massive artillery Shilling but
more
concentrated this time on healthc care
facilities including Al AML healthc care
facility that is a charitable Healthcare
organization operated and managed by the
Palestinian rck pressent society and has
been providing vital assistance to Naser
Hospital the only remaining a large
health facility across an unit who that
came under military Siege and already
suffering of multiple complications due
to the ongoing bombardment to the
western part of the city where uh
100,000 pal displaced Palestinians been
Sheltering inside either residential
buildings or other public facilities
including alaka University the largest
public university in the Gaza a strip
came under a bombardment and artillery
ship with the snipers ACR within the
vicinity of the area taking position at
some of the remaining buildings and
shooting as people that they were trying
to seek Refuge uh elsewhere the Central
Area was no different than kanun as
right after the ruling just within few
minutes of the the statement that was
made uh at the the uh two residential
homes were targeted and destroyed in the
N refugee camp so it just we're seeing
the opposite of what was required by the
Israeli military just right after those
rulings were made uh the the surge in
the air strikes coupled with reactions
by the Israeli military and Israeli
political leadership that the war is
going to continue and people don't see
any lit up in the attacks anytime
soon all right we'll leave it there
thanks so much hany Mahmud